I am a PhD candidate in chemical engineering at the University of California, Davis (UCD). I am specialized in quantum simulation, machine learning and data science for material developments. My current research focuses on the design of catalytic materials for CO2 capture. I have applied density functional theory (DFT) calculations, molecular dynamics (MD) and machine learning (ML) on high performance computing (HPC) system to model the material. I was also a research intern in the Quantum Simulation Group (QSG) at the Lawrence Livermore Naitonal Lab (LLNL). There, I applied computational methods to study the lithium de-solvation process at the electrolyte-electrode interface for battery applications. Prior to my PhD journey, I was a master student at the University of Washington. I had built up my hands-on experiement experineces in protein engineering and molecular biology to design and synthesize biomaterials for drug delivery application. My research interests include advanced computing, advanced materials engineering, and clean energy generation and storage.


Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.
